Q: What is the purpose of the "Hello, World!" program?
A: This is the simplest C++ program that actually does anything.  This program
   lets us try out our programming environment, and give a first feel on how you
   can get a computer to do things for you.

Q: Name the four parts of a function.
A: A return type, name, parameter list, and body.

Q: Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
A: main()

Q: In the "Hello, World!" program, what is the purpose of the line 'return 0'?
A: On some systems (notable Unix/Linux) it can be used to check whether the
   program succeeded.  A zero(0) returned by main() indicates that the program
   terminated successfully.

Q: What is the purpose of the compiler?
A: To translate human-readable code to something the machine can "understand".

Q: What is the purpose of the #include "std_lib_facilities.h" directive?
A: It instructs the computer to make availiable ("to include") facilities
   from a file called 'std_lib_facilities.h'.

Q: What does a '.h' suffix at the end of the file name signify in C++?
A: This is called a "header or header file", and it contains definitions of terms
   such as 'cout', that we use in our program.

Q: what does the linker do for your program?
A: A linker links our object code into an executable program.

Q: What is the difference between a source file and an object file?
A: What you read and write is called "source code", and what the computer executes
   is called "executable, object code, or machine code".

Q: What is an IDE and what does it do for you?
A: An IDE ("Integrated Development Environment") usually includes an editor with
   helpful features like color coding to help distinguish between comments, keywords,
   and other parts of your program source code, plus other facilities to help you
   debug your code, compile it, and run it.

Q: If you understand everything in the textbook, why is it necessary to practice?
A: Repitition and practice are necessary to develop programming skills. Constant
   practice - for professionals that means lifelong constant practice - is the
   only way to develop and maintain a high-level practical skill.